
Requirements

   * Basic familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript
   * NO knowledge of Angular 1 or Angular 2 is required

Description


Angular is one of the most popular frameworks for building client apps with HTML, CSS and TypeScript. If you want to establish yourself as a front-end or a full-stack developer, you need to learn Angular.


If you've been confused or frustrated jumping from one Angular 4 tutorial to another, you've come to the right place. In this course, Mosh, author of several best-selling courses on Udemy, takes you on a fun and pragmatic journey to master Angular 4. 


By the end of watching this course, you'll be able to: 

   * Build real client apps with Angular on your own 
   * Troubleshoot common compile-time and run-time errors
   * Write clean and maintainable code like a professional
   * Apply best practices when building Angular apps 



Right from the beginning, you'll jump in and build your first Angular app within minutes. Say goodbye to boring tutorials and courses with rambling instructors and useless theories! 


Angular 2+ has been written in TypeScript. So, in section 2, you'll learn the fundamentals of TypeScript and object-oriented programming to better understand and appreciate this powerful framework. 


Over the next 8 hours, you'll learn the essentials of building client apps with Angular: 

    * Displaying data and handling events
    * Building re-usable components
    * Manipulating the DOM using directives 
    * Formatting data using pipes
    * Building template-driven and reactive forms 
    * Consuming HTTP services 
    * Handling HTTP errors properly 
    * Using Reactive Extensions and observables 
    * Adding routing and navigation
    * Implementing authentication and authorization using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) 
    * Deploying your applications to GitHub Pages, Firebase and Heroku


So, if you're a busy developer with limited time and want to quickly learn how to build and deploy client apps with Angular, you can stop here. 


If you're more adventurous and want to learn more, there is far more content for you! Over the following sections, you'll learn about more advanced topics: 

   * Building real-time, server-less apps with Firebase 
   * Animating DOM elements using Angular animations
   * Building beautiful UIs using Angular Material
   * Implementing the Redux architecture 
   * Writing unit and integration tests 


All that covers just over 21 hours of high-quality content. This is equivalent to a book with more than a thousand pages! But the kind of book that every line is worth reading, not a book that you want to skim! If you have taken any of Mosh's courses before, you know he is very clear and concise in his teaching and doesn't waste a single minute of your precious time!


Finally, at the end of the course, you'll build and deploy a real-time e-commerce application with Angular 4, Firebase 4 and Bootstrap 4. This application exhibits patterns that you see in a lot of real-world applications:

   * Master/detail
   * CRUD operations
   * Forms with custom validation
   * Searching, sorting and pagination
   * Authentication and authorization 
   * And a lot more! 


You'll see how Mosh creates a brand new Angular project with Angular CLI and builds this application from A to Z, step-by-step. No copy/pasting! These 8.5 hours are packed with tips that you can only learn from a seasoned developer. 


You'll learn how to apply best practices, refactor your code and produce high quality code like a professional developer. You'll learn about Mosh's design decisions along the way and why he chooses a certain approach. What he shares with you comes from his 17 years of experience as a professional software developer. 


You're not going to get this information in other Angular courses out there! 



And on top of all these, you'll get: 

   * Closed-captions generated by a human, not a computer! Currently only the first few sections have closed-captions but new captions are being added every week. 
   * Offline access: if you are traveling or have a slow connection, you can download the videos and watch them offline.
    Downloadable source code



